Cockpit 215 (#309)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2020-03-18-cockpit-215.md

---
title: Cockpit 215
author: kkoukiou
date: 2020-03-18
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-215
category: release

> summary: Cockpit with Network improvements and Docker partial deprecation

Reviewer: Let's drop the "partial" here. Deprecation already means that we don't immediately drop it everywhere.

comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We release regularly. Here are the release notes from version 215.

> ### Networking: Show additional ports for each firewall zone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Networking: Show additional included ports in firewall zones
```

> ### Networking: Show additional ports for each firewall zone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Networking: Show additional included ports in firewall zones
```

> The Firewall page now shows ports that are directly added to a zone right after the services list.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Firewall page now shows ports that are directly added to a zone at the end of the services list.
```

> ![zone ports](/images/firewall-zone-ports.png)

Reviewer: I think we should also mention that the firewalld page now [shows IDs instead of short names](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/pull/13738). @Gundersanne has the details. This should probably be its own header.

Reviewer: Let's not do this, for most zones the difference should not be very user-visible.

> ### Docker: Deprecate in current developement series

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Docker: Deprecate and cease development
```

Author: This is not the same.

Reviewer 2: "Docker: Deprecate in current developement series" isn't correct either, and doesn't say what a series is or anything.

How's this for a 1-line summary instead then?

```suggestion
### Docker: Deprecate `cockpit-docker` in favor of `cockpit-podman`
```

And we can explain it more below the heading. (Which we do.)

Author: I am ok with this, @martinpitt ?

Reviewer: I like that suggestion.

> ### Docker: Deprecate in Ubuntu and Debian developement series

Reviewer: How about just "Deprecate in current development series"

> ### Docker: Deprecate in Ubuntu and Debian developement series

Reviewer: We also [stopped building it in Fedora ≥  32](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/pull/13702), so please generalize.

> `cockpit-docker` is being deprecated in favor of `cockpit-podman`, and not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cockpit-docker` is being deprecated in favor of `cockpit-podman`, and will not be
```

> maintained upstream any more. We will stop building it for Ubuntu ≥ 20.04,

Reviewer: s/will stop/stopped/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
maintained upstream. We have stopped building it for Ubuntu ≥ 20.04,
```

Adding a suggestion for easier resolution

> Debian ≥ 11 and Fedora >= 32 (i. e. the current development series), but keep it for the

Reviewer: Oxford comma before "and".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Debian ≥ 11, and Fedora >= 32 (i. e. the current development series), but will keep it for the
```

> Debian ≥ 11 (i. e. the current development series) and Fedora >= 32, but keep it for the

Reviewer: Fedora 32 is also a development series, so please move the parenthesis after that.
